Update README.md (#14)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-agents: README.md

[terraform-plugin-framework]: https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework

## Previewing Changes

You should preview your changes locally to ensure that the content is rendering properly before you create a pull request. The build includes content from this repository and the [`terraform-website`](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-website/) repository, allowing you to preview the entire Terraform documentation site.

To preview your content, complete the following steps:

**Set Up Local Environment**

1. [Install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/).
1. Restart your terminal or command line session.

**Launch Site Locally**

> 1. Navigate into your local `terraform-plugin-mux` top-level directory and run `make website`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate into your local `terraform-docs-common` top-level directory and run `make website`. 
```

Author: oh wait!! this isn't even common - it's this directory - thank you!

1. Open `http://localhost:3000` in your web browser. While the preview is running, you can edit pages and Next.js will automatically rebuild them.

> 1. When you're done with the preview, press `ctrl-C` in your terminal to stop the server.

Reviewer: I think we can retain the previous sections (`## Running the Site Locally` and `### Using Docker`) as they are still accurate.

The `## Deployment` section is worth keeping though!

## Redirects

> For now, redirects will need to be handled here: https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-website/blob/master/redirects.next.js

Author: ```suggestion
You must add a redirect when you move, rename, or delete documentation pages. Refer to https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-website#redirects for details.
```
